Source
Source Image

ghcr.io/railwayapp-templates/postgres-ssl:17
Networking
Public Networking
Connect to your service over TCP using a proxied domain and port

crossover.proxy.rlwy.net:49160

:5432
Private Networking
Communicate with this service from within the Railway network.
postgres.railway.internal
IPv4 & IPv6

Ready to talk privately ·
You can also simply call mepostgres.
DNS

.railway.internal

Endpoint name available!
Build
Metal Build Environment

Metal

Use our new Metal-based build environment. The new Metal build environment is faster and will be the default for all builds in the coming months.
Deploy
Custom Start Command
Command that will be run to start new deployments. Docs↗
Add pre-deploy step (Docs↗)
Regions
Configure how many instances of this service are deployed in each region.

US East (Virginia, USA)
Replicas
Instance

Replication is not available for services that have a cron schedule or a volume attached.
Teardown
Configure old deployment termination when a new one is started. Docs↗
Resource Limits
Max amount of vCPU and Memory to allocate to each replica for this service.

CPU: 8 vCPU

Plan limit: 8 vCPU

Memory: 8 GB

Plan limit: 8 GB
Increase your resources
Cron Schedule
Run the service according to the specified cron schedule.
Healthcheck Path
Endpoint to be called before a deploy completes to ensure the new deployment is live. Docs↗
Serverless
Containers will scale down to zero and then scale up based on traffic. Requests while the container is sleeping will be queued and served when the container wakes up. Docs↗
Restart Policy
Configure what to do when the process exits. Docs↗

On Failure

Restart the container if it exits with a non-zero exit code.
Number of times to try and restart the service if it stopped due to an error.
Max restart retries
Delete Service
Deleting this service will permanently delete all its deployments and remove it from this environment. This cannot be undone.

    Source
    Networking
    Build
    Deploy
    Danger